doc/vulkan-advance-reading-materials.md, before:

Writing an efficient Vulkan renderer
--
https://zeux.io/2020/02/27/writing-an-efficient-vulkan-renderer/

Vulkan Memory Allocator
--
https://gpuopen.com/vulkan-memory-allocator/

Command buffer usage and multi-threaded recording
--
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Samples/blob/master/samples/performance/command_buffer_usage/command_buffer_usage_tutorial.md

Multi-threaded recording with multiple render passes
--
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Samples/blob/master/samples/performance/multithreading_render_passes/multithreading_render_passes_tutorial.md

https://community.arm.com/developer/tools-software/graphics/b/blog/posts/vulkan-mobile-best-practices-and-management

Vulkan Guide with sample code focusing on practical dynamic scene rendering
--
https://vkguide.dev/

ARM's Vulkan best pratice guidance
--
Proper way to handle screen rotation/orientation on mobile device
* https://community.arm.com/developer/tools-software/graphics/b/blog/posts/appropriate-use-of-surface-rotation
* https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Samples/blob/master/samples/performance/surface_rotation/surface_rotation_tutorial.md

Commit message:

added a new guide for Vulkan Synchronization

doc/vulkan-advance-reading-materials.md, after:

Writing an efficient Vulkan renderer
--
https://zeux.io/2020/02/27/writing-an-efficient-vulkan-renderer/

Vulkan Memory Allocator
--
https://gpuopen.com/vulkan-memory-allocator/

Command buffer usage and multi-threaded recording
--
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Samples/blob/master/samples/performance/command_buffer_usage/command_buffer_usage_tutorial.md

Multi-threaded recording with multiple render passes
--
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Samples/blob/master/samples/performance/multithreading_render_passes/multithreading_render_passes_tutorial.md

https://community.arm.com/developer/tools-software/graphics/b/blog/posts/vulkan-mobile-best-practices-and-management

Vulkan Guide with sample code focusing on practical dynamic scene rendering
--
https://vkguide.dev/

A very thorough walkthrough of Vulkan Synchronization from LunarG.
https://www.lunarg.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/Vulkan-Synchronization-SIGGRAPH-2021.pdf

ARM's Vulkan best pratice guidance
--
Proper way to handle screen rotation/orientation on mobile device
* https://community.arm.com/developer/tools-software/graphics/b/blog/posts/appropriate-use-of-surface-rotation
* https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Samples/blob/master/samples/performance/surface_rotation/surface_rotation_tutorial.md
